some twenty nine a psalm of David give
some twenty nine a psalm of David give unto the Lord o you mighty ones give
unto the Lord o you mighty ones give
unto the Lord o you mighty ones give unto the Lord glory and strength give
unto the Lord glory and strength give
unto the Lord glory and strength give unto the Lord the glory due to his name
unto the Lord the glory due to his name
unto the Lord the glory due to his name worshiped the Lord in the beauty of
worshiped the Lord in the beauty of
worshiped the Lord in the beauty of holiness the voice of the Lord is over
holiness the voice of the Lord is over
holiness the voice of the Lord is over the waters the god of glory thunders the
the waters the god of glory thunders the
the waters the god of glory thunders the Lord is over many waters the voice of
Lord is over many waters the voice of
Lord is over many waters the voice of the Lord is powerful the voice of the
the Lord is powerful the voice of the
the Lord is powerful the voice of the Lord is full of majesty the voice of the
Lord is full of majesty the voice of the
Lord is full of majesty the voice of the Lord
Lord
Lord breaks the Cedars yes the Lord splinters
breaks the Cedars yes the Lord splinters
breaks the Cedars yes the Lord splinters the Cedars of Lebanon he makes them also
the Cedars of Lebanon he makes them also
the Cedars of Lebanon he makes them also skip like a calf Lebanon and Syrian like
skip like a calf Lebanon and Syrian like
skip like a calf Lebanon and Syrian like a young wild ox the voice of the Lord
a young wild ox the voice of the Lord
a young wild ox the voice of the Lord divides the flames of fire the voice of
divides the flames of fire the voice of
divides the flames of fire the voice of the Lord shakes the wilderness the Lord
the Lord shakes the wilderness the Lord
the Lord shakes the wilderness the Lord shakes the wilderness of Kadesh the
shakes the wilderness of Kadesh the
shakes the wilderness of Kadesh the voice of the Lord makes the deer give
voice of the Lord makes the deer give
voice of the Lord makes the deer give birth and strips the forests bare and in
birth and strips the forests bare and in
birth and strips the forests bare and in his temple everyone says glory the Lord
his temple everyone says glory the Lord
his temple everyone says glory the Lord sat enthroned at the flood and the Lord
sat enthroned at the flood and the Lord
sat enthroned at the flood and the Lord sits as king forever
sits as king forever
sits as king forever the Lord will give strength to his
the Lord will give strength to his
the Lord will give strength to his people the Lord will bless his people
people the Lord will bless his people
people the Lord will bless his people with peace
with peace
with peace [Music]